Factors are qualitative data that are associated with categorization or the description of an attribute.  Factors are often (but not always) represented with words, like colors or names of things.  On the other hand, numeric data are generated by numeric measurements. R can store values as factors or numbers, but sometimes you have a choice of how to represent values.


1. I have two apples, one banana, and one cherry.  Does it make sense to calculate the "average" of these things?  Would you code that as a factor or a numeric value in R?
There are two apples, one banana, and one cherry. there are letters that make the data qualitative type (Yakir, 2011). In this case, calculating the average of this data is impossible.  So, the data is coded as a factor in R. 
 
2. I have four quiz scores: 94, 93, 85, and 0.  What is the mean (average) of my quiz scores? Would you code this as a factor or a numeric value in R?
The average of the four quizzes is 68. I code this as a numeric value in R because I could calculate the average of these quizzes in R. 
```> ave <-c(94,93,85,0)
> ave
[1] 94 93 85  0
> print(mean(ave))
[1] 68```
 
3. In another class, I received these grades on my quizzes: two As, one B, and one F. What is the mean (average) of my grades? Would you code that as a factor or a numeric value in R?
These grades which are two As, one B, and one F are qualitative values (Yakir, 2011). So, we can not calculate the mean of the data. From the data, we can find the frequency. So, the grades are coded as a factor. 

4.  How would you explain the difference in mean values obtained in #2 and #3 above?
In question2, we have numeric values. So, we calculate the mean from the numeric values. On the other hand, question 3’ s grades have letters and words. So, we could not calculate the mean of the grades in R programming. Thus, the data type of question 2 is quantitative but question 3’s is qualitative type. 
 
Reference
​​Yakir, B. (2011). Introduction to statistical thinking (with R, without Calculus). The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Department of Statistics. https://my.uopeople.edu/pluginfile.php/1606512/mod_resource/content/4/MATH1208AnnotatedBook.pdf
 

