
### Part 1:
Steps:
1. Write an outline of the function.
def hypotenuse(a,b):
    return 2  # This function will return always 2. 
2. Call a new function with sample arguments to test the function.
```print(hypotenuse(3,4))
2```

When two legs are 2,3, the output has to be 5.
3. So, we know that the function is syntactically correct. Now, we will start adding code to the body. The next step is to find the sum of squares of a and b. Then, the version stores the value in a temporary variable and prints it. 
```def hypotenuse(a,b):
    sumOfSquares= a**2 + b**2
    print('sumOfSquares is: ', sumOfSquares)
    return 2```

We run the program and check the output. 
input: hypotenuse(3,4)
Output: sumOfSquares is:  25

if the output is 25, we know that the function gets the right arguments and performs as anticipated. Finally, we will use math.sqrt to calculate and return a result. 
```def hypotenuse(a,b):
    sumOfSquares= a**2 + b**2
    result= math.sqrt(sumOfSquares)
    print('result is: ', result)
    return result```



when printing the result, the result comes out as 5 when running 'hypotenuse(3,4)'. So, We are done. 
input: hypotenuse(3,4)
Output: the result is:  5.0



Final version: 
```def hypotenuse(a,b):
    sumOfSquares= a**2 + b**2
    result= math.sqrt(sumOfSquares)
    return result

print(hypotenuse(3,4))
print(hypotenuse(4,7)) 
print(hypotenuse(1,13))```

Output:
```5.0
8.06225774829855
13.038404810405298```



**Part 2:**

**Function is to find the area of the circle.**

1. Writing an outline of the function.
def findAreaOfsq(diameter):
    return 3.4

2. Call a new function with sample arguments to test the function.
print(findAreaOfsq(diameter))
3.4


3. The next step is to find the radius from the diameter. Then, the version stores the value in a temporary variable radius and prints it. 
```def findAreaOfsq(diameter):
    radius=diameter/2
    print('radius is: ', radius)
    return 3.4```

We run the program and check the output. 
input: findAreaOfsq(10)
Output: sumOfSquares is:  5.0

The output is 5.0. So. we know that function gets the right argument and performs correctly. Finally, we will use pi from math to calculate and return the Result. 
```def findAreaOfsq(diameter):
    radius=diameter/2
    Result = math.pi*radius**2  
    print('Result is:', Result)
    return Result```


Test 1:
Input: findAreaOfsq(diameter)
Output: Result is:  78.53981633974483

**Final version:**
```def findAreaOfsq(diameter):
    radius=diameter/2
    Result = pi*(radius**2) 
    return Result```

The final version will not display anything because the function only return value. 

**Examples:**
```print(findAreaOfsq(12))  => 113.09733552923255
print(findAreaOfsq(8))   => 50.26548245743669
print(findAreaOfsq(2.5))  => 4.908738521234052```


**Part 3:**
How do you feel about the feedback and ratings you have received from your peers?
- I feel motivated when reading my feedback. I feel like I am learning a lot from my peers. I learned some of my mistakes such as. They gave me many advices

How do you think your peers feel about the feedback you provided them? And the ratings you gave them?
- The peers that I assessed did their discussion assignments well. They usually answered required questions with high quality. But, they mostly forget to add references. So, I give a little advice about grammar error and punctuation and remind them about writing references. I think that my peers are satisfied with my rating and feedback.
 


