# Journal

**Part 1:**  I am using python 3. 

1. 
Input: `>>> print("Hello!)`
Output:   
`File "<stdin>", line 1`
    `print("Hello!)`
                ` ^`
`SyntaxError: EOL while scanning string literal`

2. 
Input: `>>> print(Hello!)`
Output: 
  `File "<stdin>", line 1`
    `print(Hello!)`
              ` ^`
`SyntaxError: invalid syntax`

3. 
**Reason:** SyntaxError occurs in both cases due to missing characters or tokens in certain places. So, string must be inside double or single quotation marks in Python.

Input: >>>2++2
Output: 4
Equivalent math operation is 2 + (+2) = 4
Input: >>>2- -2
Output: 4
Equivalent math operation is 2 - (-2) = 4
Input: >>>2+-2
Output: 0
Equivalent math operation is 2 + (-2) = 0
Input: >>>2-+2
Output: 0
Equivalent math operation is 2 - (+2) = 0



4. 
Input: `>>> 02`

Output: 
`File "<stdin>", line 1`
    `02`
     `^`
`SyntaxError: invalid token`

**Reason:** SyntaxError error occurred because numbers cannot start with leading zeros in Python 3.

5. 
**What happens if you have two values with no operator and a space in between them and why?**
Input: `22 56`
Output: 
    `22 56`
            ` ^`
`SyntaxError: invalid syntax`
**Reason:** SyntaxError error occurred because two numbers cannot be written together without any operator in Python 3.
 
 
 
## Part 2

1. I was trying to print “hello!” word. 

    Input: `pint(“hello!”)`
    Output:
    `File "<stdin>", line 1`
        `pint(“hello!”)`
                ` ^`
    `SyntaxError: invalid character in identifier`
    **Lesson:**  After wondering what was wrong in the input, I understand that I made a spelling error in the word ” print “. When writing code, I have to check whether I made a spelling or left any other tokens. Thus, Read code again after writing it. This is a new rule after writing code for myself.

2. When I was doing a discussion assignment, I tried to run that ½ in Python 2 and Python 3.
	
	Input: `½`
	Output in Python2: `0`
	Output in Python 3: `0.5`
	 
	**Lesson:** I realized that the “ / “ operator works as a division in both python. But, In Python 3, the operator shows the float number of division. On the other hand, it gives the integer of the division in Python 2. 


3. I was curious about what will happen with many +, - between 2 values.
	
    Input: `5+-+-+-+8`
	Output: `-3`
	**Lesson:** I understand that the + and - are multiplied in the example. Negative multiplied by Negative is a positive. Positive multiplied by Negative is a negative. With that, the input becomes 5+(-8). Thus, Output is -3.

		
