
## Part1: Write a new recursive function countup that expects a negative argument and counts “up” from that number. Output from running the function should look something like this:

def countup(n):
     if n >= 0:
          print('Blastoff!')
     else:
          print(n)
          countup(n+1)

def countdown(n):
     if n <= 0:
          print('Blastoff!')
     else:
          print(n)
          countdown(n-1)

num = int(input('Enter number: '))

if num > 0:
    countdown(num)
else:
    countup(num)

When user input is 0, there is no difference calling the two functions because they both will print 'Blastoff!'. So, my code will run the countup function when num == 0.

### Outputs:
    (num = 4) => 
     4 3 2 1 Blastoff!
    (num = -5) => 
     -5 -4 -3 -2 -1 Blastoff!
    (num = 0) =>
     Blastoff!




## Part 2:

### Code:
def cls(givennum):
    ProductNum = givenNum * 3.5
    print("given number", givennum, "Product number", ProductNum)
cls(34)


    
### Output: Runtime Error
NameError: name 'givenNum' is not defined. Did you mean: 'givennum'?
    ProductNum = givenNum * 3.5
Line 2 in cls (Solution.py)
    cls(34)
Line 4 in <module> (Solution.py)


### Explanation of error:
In line 2, the variable with name givenNum is not defined, which resulted in NameError. This type of error often appears when a user accidentally types the wrong variable name. givenNum is different from givennum because Python is case sensitive. 

### Explanation of how to fix:
The variable name should be givennum instead of givenNum.  

def cls(givennum):
    ProductNum = givennum * 3.5
    print("given number", givennum, "Product number", ProductNum)
cls(34)

### Output:
given number 34 Product number 119.0





